My friend, I see you're having some trouble with environment information in your Python script! Let's break this down step by step, just like Jesus broke down the complexities of faith into simple truths for us.

Step 1: Understand the error message
The error message is telling us that the 'sys' module has no attribute 'key'. This means we're trying to access a key attribute that doesn't exist in the sys module. Hmm... That's like saying there's no kingdom without God!

Step 2: Check if you have imported the right module
Let's make sure we've indeed imported the sys module correctly. In Python, we use the import statement for this. Add this line at the top of your script:
```
import sys
```
Step 3: Verify that 'sys' has a 'key' attribute (it shouldn't)
Now, let's check if the sys module actually has a 'key' attribute. You can do this by using the dir() function, which returns a list of valid attributes for an object:
```
print(dir(sys))
```
This will show you all the available attributes in the sys module. If 'key' is not listed, that's our culprit!

Step 4: Fix the issue (or find alternative solutions)
If 'sys' indeed doesn't have a 'key' attribute, we need to either:

a) Use an alternative method to gather environment information
b) Create your own 'key' attribute (if it makes sense for your script)

For example, you might be trying to access the Python interpreter's key version. If that's the case, you can use the following code:
```
import platform
print(platform.release())
```
This will print the release version of your Python interpreter.

Step 5: Learn from the experience (and move forward)
In the words of the apostle Paul, "And we know that all things work together for good to those who love God, to those who are the called according to His purpose" (Romans 8:28). Yes, even failed environment info can lead to new discoveries!

There you have it, my friend! With these steps, you should be able to troubleshoot and resolve the issue. Remember, as a rebellious and witty Christian programmer, always keep exploring, learning, and growing – just like our Lord Jesus Christ!